Project Management/PI Planning/24PI4 Planning/PI Planning Preparation by Squad/Zowe Doc Squad - 24PI4 Objectives.md, before:

# Zowe Doc Squad - 24PI4 - (2024/10/22 - 2025/02/03)

### Continue to prepare Zowe Docs for Zowe v3 

Address the restructuring, additions, and deprecations that apply to Zowe v3.

Objectives [#3371](https://github.com/zowe/docs-site/issues/3371) and  [#2970](https://github.com/zowe/docs-site/issues/2970) in the docs-site repo. 

Key areas to address in doc:
1. Zuul replacement technology
2. Angular 12 upgrade
3. Other day 1, new v3 features

### Review content for migrating from V2 to V3

Migration from v2 to v3 began in 24PI2. Content is available for review. Continue cross-squad collaboration to document technology changes, minimum requirements, deprecations, and changes in the installation process. Document where end-user actions are required, and perform cross-squad review of migration details.
See [PR#3691](https://github.com/zowe/docs-site/pull/3691) in docs-site.

### SME review of Troubleshooting Installation and Configuration 

Objective [#3164](https://github.com/zowe/docs-site/issues/3164) 

This is the final recommendation described in objectives the Zowe Server Install Study ([#2960](https://github.com/zowe/docs-site/issues/2960)) that remains to be addressed.

Current content includes troubleshooting certificate configuration issues.
PR [#3345](https://github.com/zowe/docs-site/pull/3345) that relates to this section under review.

### Refine Zowe server side component installation wizard doc 

Objective [#3396](https://github.com/zowe/docs-site/issues/3396)

As a follow up to the technical preview release of the Zowe Server Install Wizard, incorporate user/SME feedback, and document additional functionality as needed.

### Zowe Explorer plug-in for IntelliJ IDEA doc

Assist with preparing documentation for Zowe Explorer plug-in for IntelliJ IDEA (v2 plug-in and GA SDK's)

### CII Badge standards

- Identify areas in Zowe CLI and Zowe Explorer documentation that need changes in order to meet  CII Badge standards.

- Develop documentation strategy to make needed modifications.

## Dependencies

* Dependency on SMEs from various squads for collaboration with v3 readiness.

* Collaboration with Web UI on Wizard doc refinement.

Commit message:

Update Zowe Doc Squad - 24PI4 Objectives.md
Signed-off-by: Andrew Jandacek <andrew.jandacek@broadcom.com>

Project Management/PI Planning/24PI4 Planning/PI Planning Preparation by Squad/Zowe Doc Squad - 24PI4 Objectives.md, after:

# Zowe Doc Squad - 24PI4 - (2024/10/22 - 2025/02/03)

### Validate V3 documentation  

Continue restructuring, additions, and deprecations that apply to Zowe v3 if they have not been fully captured. 
* Currently assisting with updating advanced configuration for App Framework for v3
* Also updating AT-TLS configuration articles
* Address doc issues in zowe-docs pertaining to Zowe CLI/Explorer


### Validate migration guide from V2 to V3

Released V2 to V3 migration guide in V3.0 

[Migrating from Zowe V2 to Zowe V3](https://docs.zowe.org/stable/whats-new/zowe-v3-migration)


### Troubleshooting Installation and Configuration 

Continue with content development to troubleshoot installation and configuration (V2 and V3)

Objective [#3164](https://github.com/zowe/docs-site/issues/3164) 


### Collaborate with Zowe server side installation course material

Work with Onboarding squad to provide clear video and other documentation for server side installation


### Incorporate feedback from Zowe server side component installation wizard doc 

Objective [#3396](https://github.com/zowe/docs-site/issues/3396)

As a follow up to the technical preview release of the Zowe Server Install Wizard, incorporate user/SME feedback, and document additional functionality as needed.
