# Zowe TSC Meeting - 2021-01-14


## **Attendance**


### Voting member rollcall:

*   [X] Sean Grady, ZLC	
*   [X] Mark Ackert, ZLC	
*   [X] Joe Winchester, ZLC
*   [X] Irek Fakhrutdinov, Zowe App Framework/Desktop Squad	
*   [X] Mike Bauer, Zowe CLI Squad	
*   [ ] Fernando Rijo Cedeno, Zowe Explorer Squad	
*   [X] Jakub Balhar, Zowe API Squad	
*   [X] Jack Jia, Zowe Systems CI/CD Squad	
*   [ ] Brandon Jenkins, Zowe Documentation Squad	
*   [X] Rose Sakach, Zowe Onboarding Squad

### Other Attendees:

* John Mertic
* Nick Kocsis
* Tom Zhang
* Boris Petkov

## Discussions:

1. 1.19 has some potential stop ship issues.  One of these relates to a security issue with the JWT token being manipulated which is still being investigated

Discussion about 
- Delaying the release versus rolling back and releasing
- Whether one component should delay the whole release

Voted in the chat to delay the release to Wednesday to give the API squad time to fix and create another rc, report back to TSC Monday 25th Jan midday EST, outlook is 1.19 delayed to Wednesday 27th.

Thoughts on Packaging in case of failure to deliver the fix by Monday 25th Jan midday. 
- Consider releasing with "same level" of the API Mediation Layer
- We donâ€™t necessarily have a means to notify the customers of the urgency / sensitivity of a specific fix

**Vote** 
8 TSC member votes to delay (everyone in attendance)
2 non TSC member votes to delay.

2. Release date moving.  

Proposal 1 - RC March 8,  test 8-16,  syttem demo and GA 16th.
Proposal 2 - RC March 4,  test 8-12,  system demo 8th and GA 12th.

Discussion around giving developers more time, aligning with sprints, and what the downstream effect would be for subsequent releases.

Delayed the vote to see the impact across all of the 2021 PI and releases.
**Action** Joe Winchester to prepare a holistic view of PI releases and introduce a 3rd proposal for whether there should be 2 (instead of 3) releases.

3. PI Objectives

- [Outline and make more visible documentation around the major release change](https://github.com/zowe/community/issues/924)
- [Improve the current release process, automate and simplify](https://github.com/zowe/community/issues/915)
- Complete amendments to the TSC charter. The associated issues are [Create a governance document](https://github.com/zowe/community/issues/923) and [Prepare the document outlining the roles within Zowe](https://github.com/zowe/community/issues/922)

4. Business context presentation in the beginning of the PI

Jakub asked for help.  Mike Bauer and Joe Winchester volunteered to help with presenting the operations improvements for PI

5. Support for Node v14 for Zowe z/OS components

Nick Kocsis asked for a vote.  This is delayed based on formal feedback from the desktop squad.  

6. TAC update from Sean Grady

Two new project proposals that the TSC could consider looking at for possible integration points with Zowe

[cobol-check(https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/171)
[consolez(https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/169)
