# Zowe TSC Meeting - 2021-02-25


## **Attendance**


### Voting member rollcall:

*   [X] Sean Grady, ZLC	
*   [X] Mark Ackert, ZLC	
*   [X] Joe Winchester, ZLC
*   [X] Irek Fakhrutdinov, Zowe App Framework/Desktop Squad	
*   [X] Mike Bauer, Zowe CLI Squad	
*   [X] Fernando Rijo Cedeno, Zowe Explorer Squad	
*   [X] Jakub Balhar, Zowe API Squad	
*   [X] Jack Jia, Zowe Systems CI/CD Squad	
*   [X] Michael Aimino, Zowe Documentation Squad	
*   [X] Rose Sakach, Zowe Onboarding Squad

### Other Attendees:

* Bruce Armstrong
* Nick Kocsis
* Tom Zhang
* Dan Kelosky
* Lenny
* Tom Zhang
* Vit Gottwald

## Notes:

1. Discussion of 922 - outlining the roles within Zowe
Notes captured in the git issue comments.

2. Discussion of 915 - retrospective on release issues
Jack reporeted issues have been created and are being worked on

3. Zowe Explorer conformance program - 1049

4. 