# Zowe TSC Meeting - 2021-01-14


## **Attendance**


### Voting member rollcall:

*   [X] Sean Grady, ZLC	
*   [X] Mark Ackert, ZLC	
*   [X] Joe Winchester, ZLC
*   [X] Irek Fakhrutdinov, Zowe App Framework/Desktop Squad	
*   [X] Mike Bauer, Zowe CLI Squad	
*   [X] Fernando Rijo Cedeno, Zowe Explorer Squad	
*   [X] Jakub Balhar, Zowe API Squad	
*   [X] Jack Jia, Zowe Systems CI/CD Squad	
*   [X] Michael Aimino, Zowe Documentation Squad	
*   [X] Rose Sakach, Zowe Onboarding Squad

### Other Attendees:

* Bruce Armstrong
* James Struga
* Lenny
* Nick Kocsis
* Nolan Rogers
* Tim Gerstel
* Tom Zhang

## Note

There were issues starting the meeting which took ~10 mins to resolve before everyone was able to be on the zoom call

## Annoumcement

Support for node v14 is publicly on the site.  In future there should be a more formal discussion and vote.

## Discussions:

1. TSC Charter

- Without John discussion of TSC Charter was skipped
- ZLC Charter Adjustment remain in-progress

2. Schedule discussion

**Vote** on release schedule proposal. The proposal was that Zowe will have 6 sprints in each PI followed by Planning. The Innovation week will be part of the first sprint. The approval was conditional on approval within Broadcom to keep process alignment. 

Move to 6 sprints per PI

Yes (7)       Jakub, Sean, Mike, Irek, Joe, Jack, Fernando,
Abstain (2)   Rose, Mike, 

**Vote** on release cadence 

- Less frequent releases
- 2 times per PI ~ every 6 weeks (GA at the end of spring 3 and at the end of sprint 6) to not overrun into the next PI
- 8 days of testing precede the release instead of 4
- Jakub will send the updated schedule to Nick with the dates. 

Yes (9)       Jakub, Sean, Mike, Irek, Jack, Joe, Fernando, Rose, Mike

- 3. Standardize how github issues are used for planning

https://github.com/zowe/community/issues/1013

Proposal to have the squads use milestones in a consistent way for sprints to be able to have an overall cross squad kanban board.
Broad agreement between squads, and Nick and Jakub to work together on standardizing issue tracking. 

4. Mentorships

- Google summer of code. Squads and others to contribute ideas to 
https://github.com/zowe/community/issues/952
- The organization applications at the 18th of February. 

5. OMP Japan presenters for March 2,3 or 4,6 - 7pm ET

- Call for presenters. Interest from Sean + Bruce
- Consider Ashley from doc squad as she is local to Asia




