# Zowe TSC Meeting - 2021-01-07


## **Attendance**


### Voting member rollcall:

*   [X] Sean Grady, ZLC	
*   [X] Mark Ackert, ZLC	
*   [X] Joe Winchester, ZLC
*   [X] Irek Fakhrutdinov, Zowe App Framework/Desktop Squad	
*   [X] Mike Bauer, Zowe CLI Squad	
*   [ ] Fernando Rijo Cedeno, Zowe Explorer Squad	
*   [X] Jakub Balhar, Zowe API Squad	
*   [X] Jack Jia, Zowe Systems CI/CD Squad	
*   [ ] Brandon Jenkins, Zowe Documentation Squad	
*   [X] Rose Sakach, Zowe Onboarding Squad

### Other Attendees:

*   John Mertic

## Agenda:

*   Charter topics
*   
.....

## Action Items:

## Notes:

Jakub presented the following [slide deck](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1UN72RujWpmIVwtGuv0PyrRs-qygVQsyILuLyKFmE4Ho/edit#slide=id.gaacdd627dd_0_11). 

Topics discussed were

1. Charter topics
2. Relationship with ZLC
3. Storage of TSC documents
4. Tracking TSC items 

## Discussions

- Consistency about contributing to Zowe

**Background** There is not a good place to have all the information to have working information about contributors and committers.  This came to light when the TSC formation vote needed the list of committers and squads had static and dated lists (folks had left companies, been re-assigned, ...) and chasers to individuals were required.  

- Contributor (deliver code through forks and PRs)
- Committer (able to work on branches)
- Administrator (able to approve pull requests)

How does one become a Zowe contributor in a transparent and auditable fashion ?

Provide confidence to customers that code is secure and hasn't had committers introduce malware or security vulnerabilities.

- Release process

1.19 is schedule.  When does 1.20, 1.21 come out and how will they be approved as TSC is taking this over from ZLC.
Jakub to create a git issue to increase visibility of releases.

[Git issue to track the move to vNext](https://github.com/zowe/community/issues/924).

- Admin topics

ZLC issues to wait until Bruce Armstrong (ZLC chair) is able to join the TSC call in person
Discussion on accepting and removing members.  John Mertic shared that other groups don't have this in their charter because it can be difficult to change, so this can be a process document.

- Storing TSC issues and items in github.com

Use github.com/zowe/community and TSC label for issues, and the `Technical-Steering-Committee` folder

