# Zowe TSC Meeting - 2021-02-18


## **Attendance**


### Voting member rollcall:

*   [X] Sean Grady, ZLC	
*   [X] Mark Ackert, ZLC	
*   [X] Joe Winchester, ZLC
*   [X] Irek Fakhrutdinov, Zowe App Framework/Desktop Squad	
*   [X] Mike Bauer, Zowe CLI Squad	
*   [X] Fernando Rijo Cedeno, Zowe Explorer Squad	
*   [X] Jakub Balhar, Zowe API Squad	
*   [X] Jack Jia, Zowe Systems CI/CD Squad	
*   [ ] Michael Aimino, Zowe Documentation Squad	
*   [X] Rose Sakach, Zowe Onboarding Squad

### Other Attendees:

* James Struga
* Lenny
* Nick Kocsis
* Tom Zhang
* Dan Kelosky
* John Mertic
* Boris Petkov

## Discussions:

1. TSC Charter

Vote for approval of the Zowe Technical Charter
https://drive.google.com/file/d/15r7lKBkdeTgtQuyDmDCIB7cAVv558nfw/view

Yes - Sean, Irek, Jakub, Jack, Rose, Mike Bauer, Mark, Fernando, 
Absent - Michael Aimino.

Jakub indicated that Mark was on last week's meeting and OK with the charter and he will check off-line to 

2. Commiter https://github.com/zowe/community/issues/922. 
 - No prorgress
3. Governance. https://github.com/zowe/community/issues/923
 - Defered to later sprint to allow TSC members to free their calendars
4. OMP Virtual Summit.  https://github.com/zowe/community/issues/923
 - Ashley still away for Chinese New Year and is possible local time zone SME
5. Pipeline retrospective https://github.com/zowe/community/issues/915
 - Jack had presented at the Zowe Architecture Call and issues on improvements will be created
6. How can Zowe work with future releases of z/OS 
 - When 2.4 vNext z/OS release is made available, how can Zowe prepare support for this given release content and availability is kept to a restricted set of NDA users
  - Marist is not necessarily current with z/OS releases and is dependent on Dallas system center providing images
  - Suggestion to create an issue to ask squads to prepare for a hypothetical vNext and estimate the time it'd take to run tests
7. Consolidating on a single scan
  - Issues are that contributor companies might be used in-house products for their scans and processes, e.g. BlackDuck, Snix scans, ...   Companies might have a process to fix scan false positives and contribute them back if the scan tools are open or there is a commercial relationship
8. Who manages issues in github.com/zowe/community
  - Zowe docs points customers towards raising issues there
  - The list of folks who get notified might need updating
    - Proposal to remove and then have the TSC take this on the triage and backlog pruning
9. Should the TSC have a place to work on high level future hills ?
  - Currently squads prepare PI items which are reverse engineered into Zowe epics
  - This is bottom up.  Should the TSC start to manage and pull together top down items to prepare squads for 
  - Discussion on packaging and Sean to create issue after discussion with zBrew

