# Zoe Leadership Committee Meeting
July 18, 2017 - 9:00am US Eastern Time

## Attendees

### Voting members

#### Attending

- Matt Hogstrom, IBM
- Mark Ackert, CA
- Jean-Philippe Linardon, Rocket Software
- Sean Grady, Rocket Software
- Bruce Armstrong, IBM

#### Regrets

- Jean-Louis Vignaud, CA

### Observers

- John Mertic, Linux Foundation
- Jax Shawley, IBM
- Alvin Tan, IBM
- Tim Brooks, IBM
- Nick Kocsis, IBM

## Agenda

- Review purpose of ZLC
- Address Action items

## Action Items

- John to create email lists
- Each ZLC member to send John thier preferred email address and GitHub username for the project
- Sean to review existing Open Mainframe Project community forums for use by the Zowe community.

## Notes

Matt Hogstrom was appointed the interm Chairperson of the ZLC, and the ZLC voting members agreed that the ZLC Chairperson should also serve as the representative to the Open Mainframe Project TSC

There was a discussion on the purpose of ZLC. The following items were brought up for discussion:

- What we do
  - Protect the OMP and Zowe project in terms of reputation, IP clearance and promote the brand
  - Deliver updates to the TSC and Board on Releases, community and activities (TSC meeting calendar - John (13:00 Thursday)
  - Work with non-technical aspects of the project like marketing, branding, etc.
  - Vote new committers based on community recommendations / feedback (e-mail discussion)
  - Votes on source release - Define release management process defined - Alvin
What we can do
  - Release management and planning (although Matt's preference is to drive that through Dev and Community
Community Roles
  - Release Manager
  - ZLC retirement process

The following actions were discussed.

Priority | Action | Description | Status
--- | --- | --- | ---
High  | Creation of OMP Github  | * Decide which source to copy to the OMP's Github from the consortium's github with appropriate EPL 2.0 licensing* Since binary code should not be copied over, how will we handle it ? | GitHub org created (https://github.com/zowe), all ZLC members need to contact John with thier username. Next step is having the new repos create and code uploaded.
High  | Establish mailing list subscription process and needed distribution lists.  | <ul><li> Public needs easy to use email subscription process for staying formed, contributing, etc. </li><li> Zowe squads need public  process for communication. </li><li> Zowe leadership needs private process for communication. </li><li> Also need ability to archive and search emailsNeed to add moderators</li></ul> | Lists to create at start are <ul><li> dev@ - release coordination open to everyone (start with dev@ and expand if needed) </li><li> zlc-private@ - zlc only communication ok </li><li> zlc@ - zlc public communication ok </li><li> user@ - consumers of Zowe ok </li></ul>
High | Technical Q&A process  | Public needs a searchable Q&A process for technical questions FAQ updated process | Discussion between Stack Exchange or existing Open Mainframe Project Discourse Forums. Sean to review.
High for committers and leadership Medium for pubic (email instead)  | Establishment of slack channels  | Slack channels per squad, leadership, public news sharing | Question of role of Slack vs email  Slack will be community comms.Users can self registerSlack administration - John / Tim
Medium  | Definition of Webex (or similar) live meeting tool  | Assumption is live meetings are rare but important since will involve world wide participants.    | Use Zoom for meetings. John to create reoccuring meeting invite and share credentials with community.

The following actions were not covered and tabled for future discussion

Priority | Action | Description | Status
--- | --- | --- | ---
High | New Squad Formations | ZLC to establish when we [shift to the community model](https://ibm.box.com/s/q6dke318505fbwdjhq863xpr6blz3a33) and establish any cross-squad standards | Scrum masters schedule the kick-off?Project Owners manage the backlog and act as the ZLC liaisons?
Medium  | Squad "roadmaps" (backlogs of dev activity)  | Need a way for public to see planned items for development - waffle.io?  |
Low (for now)  | OMP build pipeline | Need z/OS system(s) and dev pipeline for building of Zowe  | Current consortium build process still work in progress before ready to turn over to OMP 

These additional topics were proposed for the next meeting.

1. Proposed launch content 

   1. Documentation - how to info 

   1. Command line foundation source (aka code name Imperative) 

   1. Web User Interface (code name zLux) 

   1. z/OS REST APIs extensions (code name Atlas) 

   1. API Mediation layer 

1. zowe.org domain name already reserved 

   1. Also o18t.org - shorthand for openmainframe.org 

1. Additional considerations 

   1. ZLC Operation and Governance 

   1. FAQs (fairly dynamic)

   1. Newsfeed - Build updates, delivery train, etc.  (dynamic technical content) 

   1. Coding guidelines (mostly static but a community activity, not an OMP activity

   1. Mailing lists (mostly static) 

   1. Issue tracking

   1. Joining the community

   1. Sponsorship

   1. Thanks

   1. Bylaws

   1. Committer criteria

   1. License Information

   1. Documentation for the project

   1. Related projects and activities

   1. About us Page

   1. Releases

   1. Release Versioning

   1. Security Information 
