# Zowe TSC Meeting - 2021-01-14


## **Attendance**


### Voting member rollcall:

*   [X] Sean Grady, ZLC	
*   [X] Mark Ackert, ZLC	
*   [X] Joe Winchester, ZLC
*   [X] Irek Fakhrutdinov, Zowe App Framework/Desktop Squad	
*   [X] Mike Bauer, Zowe CLI Squad	
*   [X] Fernando Rijo Cedeno, Zowe Explorer Squad	
*   [X] Jakub Balhar, Zowe API Squad	
*   [X] Jack Jia, Zowe Systems CI/CD Squad	
*   [X] Michael Aimino, Zowe Documentation Squad	
*   [ ] Rose Sakach, Zowe Onboarding Squad

### Other Attendees:

* John Mertic
* Bruce Armstrong
* James Struga
* Tom Zhang
* Nick Kocsis
* Leanid (Lenny)

## Discussions:

1 - Zowe 1.10 Release
  Sean reported the TN3270 terminal problem only occurred on zD&T

**Vote to release 1.19 RC2**
All 9 ZLC voting members in attendance voted to release 1.19 RC2

2 - Release proposals

Proposal 1.   Feb 9  - Mar 8   CODE.  Mar 8  - Mar 16.  TEST and GA
              Mar 9  - Apr 5   CODE.  Apr 5  - Apr 13.  TEST and GA
              Apr 6  - May 3   CODE.  May 3  - May 11.  TEST and GA
Proposal 2.   Feb 9  - Mar 3   CODE.  Mar 4  - Mar 12.  TEST and GA
              Mar 9  - Mar 31  CODE.  Mar 31 - Apr 9.   TEST and GA
              Mar 9  - Mar 31  CODE.  Apr 28 - May 7.   TEST and GA
Proposal 3.   Feb 9  - Mar 22  CODE.  Mar 22 - Mar 30.  TEST and GA
              Mar 22 - Apr 19  CODE.  APr 19 - May 11.  TEST and GA

**Vote for which proposal to do for PI1**
No vote occurred.   Question were raised about why we have a 5 and then 6 week PI versus always 6 weeks.

3 - How to communicate and coordinate releases

Retrospective discussion on why releases haven't been delivered to schedule based on the time alloted between rc and GA.  
Idea discussed to have daily scrums starting when first rc is cut through to release complete, to bring together squad members that have interest in the release delivery.

**Action**.  Jakub to schedule daily stand-up scrum calls for release interested parties from systems, web, APIML.   Doc,onboarders,CLI and Zowe Explorer are optional.  





