## Cross-squad updates (15 min)

## Support Conformance Program

### What is Zowe Core

- The support conformance program needs from Zowe to explain how will the Core be defined and when will the changes to it happen. 
- Questions
  - Are the CLI plugins part of the Core?
  - Where and how do we document what is part?
  - How do we in general handle the conformant service?
  - What is the link between maturity model and core?
    - When the project becomes either new squad or part of the existing squad. 
- Potential solutions
  - Anything that is packaged by existing squad is part of the Core
  - With each major release version we specify again what is the core for the specific major release, and we will change the Core only with the next major release.
  - Core is the minimum installation from the assets

### Authentication
- Validation that the provided packages are genuine.

### Code quality (contributing.md)
- CLI, Explorers, Mediation, Web Explorers - All the squads has this requirement now. 
- Push the responsibility to the squads. Verification / Acceptation by TSC
    - Part of the Incubation graduation is preparation of the contributing guidelines.
- General principles
    - Document in the Community presenting general policy and linking to more detailed policies of the squads. 

### Active Contributor
- Who is active contributor?
  - It is necessary to be able to obtain a list of these people
  - Currently it seems that the Committer role as designed by TSC will satisfy the criteria
- The Zowe Support Conformance Program will ask the vendors providing it to have the active contributor for each supported part. 
- Mark Ackert will verify whether we can use GitHub teams to organize the roles we propose in roles policy. 

## Security policy

## Recording

- https://zoom.us/rec/share/mwFogiOV8NFqPvWiu7DY-y3oCBVHhCAXLrHxwfrg-OhZhXQzIxKikPJyCquA2R81.tuEpGWx8UHtig-N8
